Update explorer docs to note non-cached nature of results (#1646)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/terraform-enterprise/1.1.x/docs/enterprise/workspaces/explorer.mdx

You can save explorer views to revisit a custom query or use case.

Note: Saved queries and query history are not saved results or a results history.

> Returning to them will re-run the query and show current results only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HCP Terraform and Terraform Enterprise do not save query results or query history.
Returning to them re-runs the query and shows current results only.
```
